Add command ids to readme (#1649)
microsoft/vscode-react-native: README.md

| Run MacOS                        | `reactNative.runMacOS`               | Run a RNmacOS application. Launch order: check target platform support, load run arguments, start Packager, run app                                                                                                                        |
| Start Packager                   | `reactNative.startPackager`          | Start Packager in context project workspace folder                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Stop Packager                    | `reactNative.stopPackager`           | Stop Packager                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | Restart Packager                 | `reactNative.restartPackager`        | Restart Packager and clears the Packagers cache                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Restart Packager                 | `reactNative.restartPackager`        | Restart Packager and clear the Packager's cache                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

| Stop React Native LogCat Monitor | `reactNative.stopLogCatMonitor`      | Stops an existing LogCat Monitor and removes its output channel                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Run Network Inspector            | `reactNative.startNetworkInspector`  | Run [Network inspector](#network-inspector)                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| Stop Network Inspector           | `reactNative.stopNetworkInspector`   | Stop [Network inspector](#network-inspector)                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> # Using commands in tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using commands in VS Code tasks
```

> You can use React Native Tools commands in `tasks.json` as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run React Native Tools commands via VS Code tasks, you can create a `.vscode/tasks.json` file in your project and add tasks configurations the following way:
```
